[SUPPORTENG-393] Auth: updates related to Connection Label (#327)
zapier/visual-builder: docs/_docs/auth.md

All Zapier integrations that can access or add private data for users require authentication. The only apps that don't require authentication include data feeds (such as news or weather updates) or utilities (such as file format conversion tools or public search engines). If you're building an integration for any app that stores private data and requires an account to use, your integration will require authentication.

Add authentication to your integration before adding triggers or actions. To do so, click the _Authentication_ tab in the left sidebar of Zapier's visual builder, then select the authentication scheme your app uses. Zapier supports the following five authentication schemes, each with their own settings:

### [Basic Auth](https://platform.zapier.com/docs/basic)
_As documented by [RFC 7616](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication)_

Basic authentication lets users connect their accounts to Zapier with a username and password. Zapier passes the provided credentials with each API call to authenticate the user. For Basic Auth, username and password are requested automatically.

> The only other requirement is to add a test API call to confirm the credentials are valid, but you can add additional input fields if needed.

Author: I don't think it's necessary to repeat this when the previous sentence is "For Basic Auth, username and password are requested automatically."

![Zapier connection labels](https://cdn.zapier.com/storage/photos/ed16e77428f17e869e25d4f2111df1c9.png)
_A Zapier integration with a custom connection label (above) and without one (below)_

Zapier lets users authenticate multiple accounts for any app. By default, every new app account added to Zapier is identified by the app's name, followed by a number (#2, #3, ...) for accounts connected after the first.

> The _Connection Label_ field in your app's authentication options lets you customize the account connections for your integration to include a username, email address, name, or other identifiable information in the connection label. That helps users distinguish between their authenticated accounts.

Author: I'm not sure if "name" is correct, since we always name the connections with the app name at least.

What do you think of "..lets you add information to the account connections for your integration. The added information could include a username, email address, name, or other identifiable information from the user's account."

> The _Connection Label_ field in your app's authentication options lets you customize the account connections for your integration to include a username, email address, name, or other identifiable information in the connection label. That helps users distinguish between their authenticated accounts.

Reviewer: Both "customize" and "information" sound too broad to me. Information can be any data associated with an account connection. It can be anything like auth fields, update timestamp, associated user, associated app, etc. Here we are talking about a string that Zapier displays on the UI for users to identify an account connection, so I thought "name" was more accurate.

You're right about the name of an account connection is not only decided by the connection label. We name the connections with the app name + connection label. So how about we say:

> ... lets you add additional text to the name of the account connections for your integration. The text could include a username, email address, name, or other identifiable information in the users' accounts. That helps users distinguish between their authenticated accounts.

> The _Connection Label_ field in your app's authentication options lets you customize the account connections for your integration to include a username, email address, name, or other identifiable information in the connection label. That helps users distinguish between their authenticated accounts.

Author: That looks great to me! To avoid another re-review cycle, I'll merge as-is (I don't think my current change is worse, at least) and you or I can make a subsequent PR with a quick / simple change.

Thanks for coming back to this and for the help with wording!

![Zapier Authentication Connection Label](https://cdn.zapier.com/storage/photos/f2c3d557023ce2a65b41122da34c1fdd.png)

Zapier always includes the app's name in each account label. You can add:

- Plain text that will be included after your app's full name
- Data that users entered in the authentication form.

> - Output fields from your app's authentication test API call.

Author: Thanks! My eyes started to cross after a while and I knew I'd miss a few of these things.

To add a field value to the connection label, enter the name of the field, surrounded by double curly braces, in the _Connection Label_ field.

For example, if your auth configuration includes a `username` field, your connection label could look like:

{% raw %}`{{username}}`{% endraw %}

Alternately, you can use an output field from your test API call in the Connection Label. If you aren't sure what fields will be returned, skip this step for now and go to Step 3, _Test your Authentication_.

After connecting an account, check the _Response_ tab to see the fields returned from the test request. Then, return to Step 2, and enter that field key in the _Connection Label_ field. So if the field you want to use is called `team`, enter:

> {% raw %}`{{team}}`{% endraw %}

Reviewer: If `team` is not an authentication input field or stored in a connected account, `{{team}}` won't work. It still needs to be:

```suggestion
{% raw %}`{{bundle.inputData.team}}`{% endraw %}
```

The rule of thumb can be: Try `{{something}}` (equivalent to `{{bundle.authData.something}}`) first. If `{{something}}` doesn't work, use `{{bundle.inputData.something}}`.

Author: @eliangcs I did a lot of testing on this and requested early feedback on that via Slack, but I didn't get a lot of feedback from people that way. 

After the testing I've done in, I'm confident that the hoisting occurs for both authData and inputData - that's exactly why I proposed these changes. If you have contrary evidence from testing, could you share that? Otherwise, I'd like to go ahead with the substance of the changes as proposed.

Reviewer: @armchairlinguist I did some tests, and you're right! Both authData and inputData are hoisted. I'm really sorry for the confusion! 🙇 

Feel free to go ahead and use your original text.

> When setting up a simple text connection label with dynamic fields, field keys from the authentication form and the test request are both pulled up to the top level, which is why simple field keys like `username` will work.
>  
> You can also refer to the fields with {% raw %}`{{bundle.authData.field}}`{% endraw %} for input fields from the authentication form, replacing `field` with your input field name. Use {% raw %}`{{bundle.inputData.field}}`{% endraw %} for fields returned from the test request, replacing `field` with the field name from the API response.

Reviewer: > field keys from the authentication form and the test request are both pulled up to the top level

This is a bit inaccurate. A simple field key `{{abc}}` only works when `abc` is stored in the connected account. Since we store all the input fields from the authentication form, all the input fields in the authentication form should be accessible with `{{abc}}`.

However, for auth types that don't have an authentication form, such as OAuth, we store "computed fields" like `access_token` and any other fields returned from the `getAccessToken` method. Those computed fields are also stored, so you can access them with `{{abc}}` as well.

If `{{abc}}` is not stored and only appears in the test API response, you should use `{{bundle.inputData.abc}}`.

Suggested change:

```suggestion
When setting up a simple text connection label with dynamic fields, field keys from the authentication form pulled up to the top level, so `{{username}}` will work. It's equivalent  to `{{bundle.authData.username}}`.
 
For fields returned from the test request, you can refer to them with `{{bundle.inputData.field}}`, replacing `field` with the field name from the API response.
```

Author: Same here as above: https://github.com/zapier/visual-builder/pull/327/files#r949594191

Reviewer: Replied above https://github.com/zapier/visual-builder/pull/327#discussion_r949766174

![Zapier connection label with code](https://cdn.zapier.com/storage/photos/e9bf3fdaabe078e43b38a402106c1456.png)

You can customize your connection label further with JavaScript code if needed. Zapier will always include your app's name first, followed by any text returned by your connection label code.

Custom code for connection labels is best used for:

- Using code to manipulate data from an auth or test call before using it in a connection label, such as to format a number or date
- Logging additional data
- Making a new API call to access data to use in the connection label

Click the _Edit Code_ button to switch to [Code Mode](./faq#how-does-code-mode-work). If the Code Mode is active, Zapier will only use the code to create your connection label, and will ignore any text that was in the _Connection Label_ field in the regular string mode. 

If you want to switch back to the regular field, click the _Delete Code_ button to delete your custom connection label code and revert to using the text entered in the _Connection Label_ field.

> When writing code for the connection label, fields are not pulled up to the top level - you must use `bundle.authData` for auth input fields, or `bundle.inputData` for fields returned from the test API request. For example, your code might look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing code for the connection label, fields are not pulled up to the top level of  the `bundle` object - you must use `bundle.authData` for auth input fields, or `bundle.inputData` for fields returned from the test API request. For example, your code might look like this:
```

```

> return `bundle.authData.username`;

Reviewer: It needs to be valid JavaScript code, so we should remove the backticks:

```suggestion
return bundle.authData.username;
```

```

> This is equivalent to using {% raw %}`{{username}}`{% endraw %} in the regular string mode.

Reviewer: I see you use `{% raw %}` in many places. Do we need those? (genuine question)

Author: Everything in the docs that uses double curly braces that need to render puts those raw bits around them, so I'm following that. If we really don't need that, it would be a big change throughout - it seems like we could. explore that separately.
